# Use-Cases

A Use-case is made up of two things - *Predicates* & *Objects*. Predicate is the action, such as HTTP methods of the kind post, get, delete and others, which you want to perform on the Object. An object is an entity on which the action (predicate) is to be performed. An object can be a dataset, collection or data source, an API path of an application or service, or another *Subject*.

The ‘Use-Cases’ tab in Bifrost lists all the possible actions you might need to perform on various services and applications of DataOS. Click on any one use-case to understand what you can & cannot do with it.

The window appearing from the right, has the details around the use-case you selected. You can read the description & get the id of the use-case. You can check the actions this use-case authorizes under the section of ‘Authorization Atoms’, and the objects/paths on which these actions can be performed under the section of ‘Variables’.
Click on an authorization atom to check which objects are covered for that particular action.

The section of Grants on this window provides you with the list of tags associated with the subjects which have been granted this use-case. Click on the grant to get more details. Here, you can also see all the policies which were automatically generated by the system which authorized the subjects for this use-case. Here, you can choose to delete some of the tags

Apart from the existing use-cases, you can create a new use-case if you can identify a combination of predicate & object not already present but still might be relevant to your organisation.